docs: fix broken links (#217)
oras-project/oras-www: docs/Tutorials/zot-registry-tutorial.mdx

We will be using zot registry in this guide. Zot registry is an OCI-native container registry for distributing container images and OCI artifacts.

> In order to follow the steps given, you would be required to install the ORAS CLI. You can follow the [installation guide](/docs/installation) to do so. 

Reviewer: Looks like we need to first merge  - https://github.com/oras-project/oras-www/pull/216 as per @TerryHowe

Reviewer 2: merged

Author: @TerryHowe @sajayantony all the links work now. Sorry for the inconvenience!

> In order to follow the steps given, you would be required to install the ORAS CLI. You can follow the [installation guide](../installation.mdx) to do so. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In order to follow the steps given, you would be required to install the ORAS CLI. You can follow the [installation guide](/docs/how_to_guides/installation) to do so. 
```
